{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green2\blue7;\red198\green50\blue253;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c82670\c34053\c99466;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-380\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 [1] P. L. Aublin, S. Ben Mokhtar, and V. Quema, \'93RBFT: Redundant byzantine fault tolerance,\'94 Proc. - Int. Conf. Distrib. Comput. Syst., pp. 297\'96306, 2013.\
[2] L. Baird, \'93Hashgraph consensus: fair, fast, byzantine fault tolerance,\'94 pp. 1\'9624, 2016.\
[3] G. Bracha and S. Toueg, \'93Asynchronous consensus and broadcast protocols,\'94 J. ACM, vol. 32, no. 4, pp. 824\'96840, 1985.\
[4] C. Cachin, \'93Architecture of the Hyperledger Blockchain Fabric *,\'94 2016.\
[5] C. Cachin, S. Schubert, and M. Vukoli\uc0\u263 , \'93Non-determinism in Byzantine Fault-Tolerant Replication,\'94 pp. 1\'9619, 2016.\
[6] C. Cachin and S. Tessaro, \'93Asynchronous verifiable information dispersal,\'94 Proc. IEEE Symp. Reliab. Distrib. Syst., pp. 191\'96201, 2005.\
[7] P. Camacho and S. D. Lerner, \'93DECOR+ LAMI: A Scalable Blockchain Protocol,\'94 2016.\
[8] M. Castro, \'93Practical Byzantine fault tolerance and proactive recovery,\'94 ToCS, vol. 20, no. 4, pp. 398\'96461, 2002.\
[9] M. Castro and B. Liskov, \'93\cf3 Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance\cf2 ,\'94 Proc. Symp. Oper. Syst. Des. Implement., no. February, pp. 1\'9614, 1999.\
[10] H. T. Dang, P. Bressana, H. Wang, K. S. Lee, H. Weatherspoon, M. Canini, F. Pedone, and R. Soul\'e9, \'93Network Hardware-Accelerated Consensus,\'94 2016.\
[11] S. Das, V. J. Ribeiro, and A. Anand, \'93YODA: Enabling computationally intensive contracts on blockchains with Byzantine and Selfish nodes,\'94 2018.\
[12] M. J. Fischer, N. A. Lynch, and M. S. Paterson, \'93\cf3 Impossibility of Distributed Consensus with One Faulty Process\cf2 ,\'94 J. ACM, vol. 32, no. 2, pp. 374\'96382, 1985.\
[13] Y. Gilad, S. Micali, and N. Zeldovich, \'93Algorand : Scaling Byzantine Agreements for Cryptocurrencies,\'94 pp. 51\'9668, 2017.\
[14] R. Guerraoui, N. Kne\'9eevi\uc0\u263 , V. Qu\'e9ma, M. Vukoli\u263 , P. Aublin, and I. Lyon, \'93The Next 700 BFT Protocols,\'94 Proc. 5th Eur. Conf. Comput. Syst., vol. 32, no. 4, pp. 363\'96376, 2010.\
[15] Z. Istv\'e1n, D. Sidler, G. Alonso, and M. Vukoli\uc0\u263 , \'93Consensus in a Box: Inexpensive Coordination in Hardware,\'94 Networked Syst. Des. Implementation. NSDI 16. Proc. 13th USENIX Conf., pp. 425\'96438, 2016.\
[16] R. Kotla, L. Alvisi, M. Dahlin, A. Clement, and E. Wong, \'93Zyzzyva,\'94 ACM Trans. Comput. Syst., vol. 27, no. 4, pp. 1\'9639, 2009.\
[17] D. Kraft, \'93Difficulty control for blockchain-based consensus systems,\'94 Peer-to-Peer Netw. Appl., vol. 9, no. 2, pp. 397\'96413, 2016.\
[18] K. Kursawe and V. Shoup, \'93Optimistic Asynchronous Atomic Broadcast,\'94 ICALP 2005\\ifnum\\shortbib=0\{ 32nd \}\\fi\\ifnum\\shortbib=0\{International Colloq. Autom. Lang. Program., vol. 3580, pp. 204\'96215, 2005.\
[19] L. Luu, V. Narayanan, K. Baweja, C. Zheng, S. Gilbert, and P. Saxena, \'93SCP : A Computationally-Scalable Byzantine Consensus Protocol For Blockchains,\'94 pp. 1\'9616, 2000.\
[20] P. J. Marandi, C. Gkantsidis, F. Junqueira, and C. Gkantsidis, \'93Filo : Consolidated Consensus as a Cloud Service,\'94 USENIX Annu. Tech. Conf., 2016.\
[21] A. Miller, E. Shi, K. Croman, and D. Song, \'93The Honey Badger of BFT Protocols,\'94 \{IACR\} Cryptol. ePrint Arch., vol. 2016, p. 199, 2016.\
[22] A. Most??faoui and M. Raynal, \'93Signature-free asynchronous Byzantine systems: from multivalued to binary consensus with t<n/3, O(n2) messages, and constant time,\'94 Acta Inform., pp. 1\'9620, 2016.\
[23] R. Pass and E. Shi, \'93Hybrid Consensus: Scalable Consensus in the Permissionless Model,\'94 pp. 1\'9662.\
[24] R. Pass, L. Seeman, and A. Shelat, \cf4 Analysis of the Blockchain Protocol in Asynchronous Networks\cf2 . 2016.\
[25] A. Thesis, \'93Tendermint: Byzantine Fault Tolerance in the Age of Blockchains,\'94 2016.\
[26] L. Tseng, \'93Recent Results on Fault-Tolerance Consensus in Message-Passing Networks,\'94 no. July, pp. 1\'9629, 2016.\
[27] R. van Renesse, D. Dumitriu, V. Gough, and C. Thomas, \'93Efficient reconciliation and flow control for anti-entropy protocols,\'94 Proc. 2nd Work. Large-Scale Distrib. Syst. Middlew. - LADIS \'9208, p. 1, 2008.\
[28] P. Viotti and C. Meiklejohn, \'93Towards Property-Based Consistency Verification,\'94 pp. 5\'968, 2016.\
[29] M. Vukoli\uc0\u263 , \'93The quest for scalable blockchain fabric: Proof-of-work vs. BFT replication,\'94 Lect. Notes Comput. Sci. (including Subser. Lect. Notes Artif. Intell. Lect. Notes Bioinformatics), vol. 9591, pp. 112\'96125, 2016.\
[30] M. Vukolic and M. Vukoli\uc0\u263 , \'93Eventually Returning to Strong Consistency,\'94 Data Eng., pp. 39\'9644, 2016.}